the singer playing something I
I always do one more game is to watch the cids.
12min someone will probably say that
It's obvious that you have to do it again.
because that's not only what you have to do
But everyone has blah blah but the
The truth is that most people are not
not even because we admit we bought itamar
of environments between them
simply play but forget that you
really want to gain these details
they do all different then when it starts
the match while we got good I
tighten tab or click on the enemy
and I see which hundreds of them will start
someone did not start with orde is this guy
which is going to be the first winning leads then
lately lacked the respective law
His enemy did not buy the word I
I'll win there from the minimum you go.
can get flash hand in this gang in
flash the enemy has two options or he
will play retracted until the flash back it
You will want to continue playing as late
he continues playing as a team you
You can use the second tip I'm going to give
now
usually when the enemy gets big
your from the moment you start to
go back and go back beyond equal
I was walking normally in this
moment you simply pretend that
fled but actually is expecting a
river gap there when it
you win again and communications
mexico guaranteed if you desmatar and he
Then you will help others or
Informal I do not know but stay connected when
this guy coming back plus he did not
bought the word he did not buy the name
there again that is the other champion
guaranteed
there you can be sure that it will start to
crying to the chat will talk like amber
Copa even leaves here and will find out and
reveal but always stays connected in items
of your enemies because this tip is good
and works for any link and third
tip is if the enemy if you are a
captive and says types in is
René with le blanc ez
braga 30 nor etc always plays later
that there is that escape ability
because then the chance of you killing him
dramatically obvious will not have
how to escape I will put on the screen how
difficult for staff to cost
start when they do not buy ward is this
There are three tips that I use
When am I doing the devil if you
Liked that I liked signing up for the channel
to get more ló tips and
want to know what the next
short videos my facebook page
follow me on twitter and the year and that's it
thanks